README.md, before:

# <img src="https://d35aaqx5ub95lt.cloudfront.net/images/max/9f30dad6d7cc6723deeb2bd9e2f85dd8.svg" width="25px"> Duolingo Max
> For **educational purposes** only, obviously.
> 
> ***Previously known as Duolingo Unlimited Hearts***



## Gist
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> The following domains are accessed for patching Duolingo. Each domain serves a specific purpose:

| **Data Access**                          | **Why?**                                                               | **Duolingo Server?** |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| `duolingo.com` `duolingo.cn`                          | Needed to modify the website and apply the patch.                         | ✅ Yes               |
| `d35aaqx5ub95lt.cloudfront.net`         | Hosts the original unpatched webpack chunk files. Ex: `app-*.js`; must modify requests for these.    | ✅ Yes               |
| `raw.githubusercontent.com`             | Get's the [extension-version.json](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/blob/main/extension-version.json) which includes the version number, update log, and external html for my buymeacoffee banner.         | ❌ No                |


## Installation Process

> [!NOTE]
> - **Available on** [Mozilla Add-ons Store](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/duolingo-unlimited-hearts/), [Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/duolingo-max/jkcaeflmchplggcelmodjobeakgmhmdb), [Opera Addons Store](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/duolingo-max/)
>   - Supports Firefox for Android
>   - *Keep in mind that these extension stores may take upto a week to provide an extension update on your browser due to the reviewal process and your browsers' extension update cycle (By default it is within a week)*
> - ❗**NEW** [Duolingo Unlimited Hearts Userscript](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/raw/refs/heads/main/userscript/Duolingo%20Unlimited%20Hearts.user.js) *(Doesn't include MAX Features)*
>   - Tested and confirmed working with Tampermonkey

| **Browser** | **Installation Steps** |
|-------------|------------------------|
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/Google_Chrome_icon_%28February_2022%29.svg" width="20px"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/98/Microsoft_Edge_logo_%282019%29.svg" width="20px"> <img src="https://brave.com/static-assets/images/brave-logo-sans-text.svg" width="18px"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/Opera_2015_icon.svg" width="20px"> | **Recommended:** Install directly from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/duolingo-max/jkcaeflmchplggcelmodjobeakgmhmdb)<br> - Click **Add to Chrome** <br> - ✅ Done<br>- ⭐ Rate the addon<br><br>**Manual Option:**<br>- Download the latest **Chrome (mv3)** extension from the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/releases)<br>- Go to `chrome://extensions`<br>- Enable **Developer mode** (top right)<br>- Drag and drop the ZIP file onto the extensions page<br>- ✅ Done |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/Firefox_logo%2C_2019.svg/1200px-Firefox_logo%2C_2019.svg.png" width="20px"> <img src="https://c.clc2l.com/c/thumbnail96webp/t/t/o/tor-browser-QaPeUi.png" width="20px"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/LibreWolf_icon.svg" width="20px"> <img src="https://www.waterfox.net/_astro/waterfox.aA4DFn78.svg" width="20px"> | **Recommended:** Install directly from the [Mozilla Add-ons Store](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/duolingo-unlimited-hearts/)<br> - Click **Add to Firefox** <br> - ✅ Done<br>- ⭐ Rate the addon<br><br>**Manual Option:**<br>- Download the latest **Firefox** extension from the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/releases)<br>- Click **Continue Installation** when prompted<br>- ✅ Done |

# <img src="https://d35aaqx5ub95lt.cloudfront.net/images/profile/48b8884ac9d7513e65f3a2b54984c5c4.svg" width="30px"> Frequently Asked Questions
### General FAQ

| **Question** | **Answer** |
|--------------|------------|
| Why do I see a white screen and nothing else? | You are likely using an older version of the extension. If not, create an issue. |
| Does this follow TOS? | [In my opinion, yes](https://www.duolingo.com/guidelines#:~:text=Script%20or%20cheat,may%20be%20removed.). This is all on the client so there is no effect on the system. |
| Is this safe? | Yes, this extension is open source and only changes a few lines of code which are solely responsible for the paid features. |
| Is this all free? | Yes, but feel free to [support me](https://html-preview.github.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/refs/heads/main/extras/donations.html). |
| Why do I still have Duolingo Max after uninstalling the extension? | This will only happen on **Firefox** because the patched files are cached temporarily. If you want it gone you would need to: clear your site data for duolingo.com, close all duolingo tabs, and log back in to duolingo in a new tab. You can also just wait until the site updates which brings me to my next point——I wouldn't recommend deleting the extension to use the cached version because when duolingo updates (about every week) the cached version won't work and it will be reverted to normal.|
| How do I know if the extension needs to update? | You can either click on the extension icon or just wait until it notifies you. It will show a popup with the version number. It will tell you if the extension requires updates or not based on a fetched version number from this respository. |
| How do I install the userscript. | Install the [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) extension and click [this](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/raw/refs/heads/main/userscript/Duolingo%20Unlimited%20Hearts.user.js). Greasemonkey and other similar extensions may also work. |
| Does this work if I have [energy](https://duolingo.fandom.com/wiki/Energy) and not hearts? | Energy is a mobile app only feature, go to the last question for more info. |
| How do I do this on my Apple (iPhone/iPad) or Android device? | - **Android**: You would first need to enable [Install unknown apps](https://www.wikihow.com/Allow-Apps-from-Unknown-Sources-on-Android) for the app you install the APK from. There are plenty of modded APKs available that unlock premium features. These can be found on various forums and third-party app stores. Do your research and be cautious about what you install.<br> Another option is using the **Firefox Browser**, which supports [imported extensions](https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2020/09/29/expanded-extension-support-in-firefox-for-android-nightly/) similar to enabling developer mode on the desktop version of Chrome. This extension already has support for Firefox through the [Mozilla Add-ons Store](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/duolingo-unlimited-hearts/) natively without debug mode. Other Android browsers that support extensions *may* also work.<br><br>- **Apple (iPhone/iPad)**: Modded IPAs do exist, but installing them requires **sideloading**, which means manually installing apps outside the App Store. This typically involves tools like [SideStore](https://sidestore.io/) **(Recommended)**, or a jailbroken device. If you plan on using SideStore I also recommend looking into [LiveContainer](https://github.com/LiveContainer/LiveContainer) because of apple's sideloaded app limits. Do your research and be cautious about what you install. <br><br>*Although these steps are somewhat tedious, the ability to download a wide range of modded apps more than makes up for the work—whether you're using an Android or Apple device. Think of the apps you use that have annoying ads or paywalled features...👀*|

> [!Note]
> - This extension for the Safari Browser or any webkit browser AKA **(EVERY BROWSER ON iPhone/iPad)** will never be supported unless Apple fully implements `webRequest` or `declarativeNetRequest` APIs, which are necessary for this extension to function.  
>   - Even if the above happened, not only would I need to buy a **Mac** to develop it on Apple’s proprietary Xcode platform, I would also need to pay **$99/year** for a developer license to publish the extension on the App Store.  
>   - I *could* use a virtual machine, but I’d still have to pay for the license...


### Developer FAQ

| **Question** | **Answer** |
|--------------|------------|
| Why is the modified patched files minified/bundled? | The unpatched files are also minified because they are [webpack chunks](https://webpack.js.org/) — there's nothing I can do. |
| How can I reproduce this? | Find your required webpack chunks/files then open '[duolingo patcher.html](https://html-preview.github.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/refs/heads/main/extras/duolingo%20patcher.html)' and put it through. Then download the newly patched files and use firefox or chrome local overrides to point it towards the patched files you just downloaded. |
| Why aren't the modified patched files in this repository? | It is all done locally. It only fetches the github for the [extension-version.json](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/blob/main/extension-version.json). |
| Why is the code slightly differen't for each browser? | Firefox and Chrome do not have equal extension support. I try my best to keep code parity between both browsers. |
| What happened to the chrome mv2 version of this extension? | I decided to remove it as major browsers don't support it anymore. |
| Will this always be open source? | Yes, this will **never** be closed source. |
| How does the userscript work? | It's very simple, the script intercepts your duolingo "account" json data file. It then finds and sets the unlimited hearts object to true. |

# <img src="https://d35aaqx5ub95lt.cloudfront.net/images/gems/45c14e05be9c1af1d7d0b54c6eed7eee.svg" width="20px"> Support Me

| ⭐ PayPal (Preferred) | Buy Me a Coffee |
|--------|----------------|
| <a href="https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/luv4rent" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/refs/heads/main/extras/paypal.png" alt="Paypal Me" style="height: 160px !important;width: 217px !important;"></a> | <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/aperson" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;"></a> |

Commit message:

Revise mobile installation instructions in README
Updated installation instructions for iPhone/iPad and Android devices, including new options for using the Userscripts App and clarifications on modded APKs.

README.md, after:

# <img src="https://d35aaqx5ub95lt.cloudfront.net/images/max/9f30dad6d7cc6723deeb2bd9e2f85dd8.svg" width="25px"> Duolingo Max
> For **educational purposes** only, obviously.
> 
> ***Previously known as Duolingo Unlimited Hearts***



## Gist
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> The following domains are accessed for patching Duolingo. Each domain serves a specific purpose:

| **Data Access**                          | **Why?**                                                               | **Duolingo Server?** |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| `duolingo.com` `duolingo.cn`                          | Needed to modify the website and apply the patch.                         | ✅ Yes               |
| `d35aaqx5ub95lt.cloudfront.net`         | Hosts the original unpatched webpack chunk files. Ex: `app-*.js`; must modify requests for these.    | ✅ Yes               |
| `raw.githubusercontent.com`             | Get's the [extension-version.json](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/blob/main/extension-version.json) which includes the version number, update log, and external html for my buymeacoffee banner.         | ❌ No                |


## Installation Process

> [!NOTE]
> - **Available on** [Mozilla Add-ons Store](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/duolingo-unlimited-hearts/), [Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/duolingo-max/jkcaeflmchplggcelmodjobeakgmhmdb), [Opera Addons Store](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/duolingo-max/)
>   - Supports Firefox for Android
>   - *Keep in mind that these extension stores may take upto a week to provide an extension update on your browser due to the reviewal process and your browsers' extension update cycle (By default it is within a week)*
> - ❗**NEW** [Duolingo Unlimited Hearts Userscript](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/raw/refs/heads/main/userscript/Duolingo%20Unlimited%20Hearts.user.js) *(Doesn't include MAX Features)*
>   - Tested and confirmed working with Tampermonkey
>   - Supports iPhone/iPad on Safari if you install the [Userscripts](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/userscripts/id1463298887) extension and use it.

| **Browser** | **Installation Steps** |
|-------------|------------------------|
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/Google_Chrome_icon_%28February_2022%29.svg" width="20px"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/98/Microsoft_Edge_logo_%282019%29.svg" width="20px"> <img src="https://brave.com/static-assets/images/brave-logo-sans-text.svg" width="18px"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/Opera_2015_icon.svg" width="20px"> | **Recommended:** Install directly from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/duolingo-max/jkcaeflmchplggcelmodjobeakgmhmdb)<br> - Click **Add to Chrome** <br> - ✅ Done<br>- ⭐ Rate the addon<br><br>**Manual Option:**<br>- Download the latest **Chrome (mv3)** extension from the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/releases)<br>- Go to `chrome://extensions`<br>- Enable **Developer mode** (top right)<br>- Drag and drop the ZIP file onto the extensions page<br>- ✅ Done |
| <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/Firefox_logo%2C_2019.svg/1200px-Firefox_logo%2C_2019.svg.png" width="20px"> <img src="https://c.clc2l.com/c/thumbnail96webp/t/t/o/tor-browser-QaPeUi.png" width="20px"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/LibreWolf_icon.svg" width="20px"> <img src="https://www.waterfox.net/_astro/waterfox.aA4DFn78.svg" width="20px"> | **Recommended:** Install directly from the [Mozilla Add-ons Store](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/duolingo-unlimited-hearts/)<br> - Click **Add to Firefox** <br> - ✅ Done<br>- ⭐ Rate the addon<br><br>**Manual Option:**<br>- Download the latest **Firefox** extension from the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/releases)<br>- Click **Continue Installation** when prompted<br>- ✅ Done |

# <img src="https://d35aaqx5ub95lt.cloudfront.net/images/profile/48b8884ac9d7513e65f3a2b54984c5c4.svg" width="30px"> Frequently Asked Questions
### General FAQ

| **Question** | **Answer** |
|--------------|------------|
| Why do I see a white screen and nothing else? | You are likely using an older version of the extension. If not, create an issue. |
| Does this follow TOS? | [In my opinion, yes](https://www.duolingo.com/guidelines#:~:text=Script%20or%20cheat,may%20be%20removed.). This is all on the client so there is no effect on the system. |
| Is this safe? | Yes, this extension is open source and only changes a few lines of code which are solely responsible for the paid features. |
| Is this all free? | Yes, but feel free to [support me](https://html-preview.github.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/refs/heads/main/extras/donations.html). |
| Why do I still have Duolingo Max after uninstalling the extension? | This will only happen on **Firefox** because the patched files are cached temporarily. If you want it gone you would need to: clear your site data for duolingo.com, close all duolingo tabs, and log back in to duolingo in a new tab. You can also just wait until the site updates which brings me to my next point——I wouldn't recommend deleting the extension to use the cached version because when duolingo updates (about every week) the cached version won't work and it will be reverted to normal.|
| How do I know if the extension needs to update? | You can either click on the extension icon or just wait until it notifies you. It will show a popup with the version number. It will tell you if the extension requires updates or not based on a fetched version number from this respository. |
| How do I install the userscript. | Install the [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) extension and click [this](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/raw/refs/heads/main/userscript/Duolingo%20Unlimited%20Hearts.user.js). Greasemonkey and other similar extensions may also work. |
| Does this work if I have [energy](https://duolingo.fandom.com/wiki/Energy) and not hearts? | Energy is a mobile app only feature, go to the last question for more info. |
| How do I do this on my Apple (iPhone/iPad) or Android device? | - **Android**: You would first need to enable [Install unknown apps](https://www.wikihow.com/Allow-Apps-from-Unknown-Sources-on-Android) for the app you install the APK from. There are plenty of modded APKs available that unlock premium features. These can be found on various forums and third-party app stores. Do your research and be cautious about what you install.<br> Another option is using the **Firefox Browser**, which supports [imported extensions](https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2020/09/29/expanded-extension-support-in-firefox-for-android-nightly/) similar to enabling developer mode on the desktop version of Chrome. This extension already has support for Firefox through the [Mozilla Add-ons Store](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/duolingo-unlimited-hearts/) natively without debug mode. Other Android browsers that support extensions *may* also work.<br><br>- **Apple (iPhone/iPad)**: Modded IPAs do exist, but installing them requires **sideloading**, which means manually installing apps outside the App Store. This typically involves tools like [SideStore](https://sidestore.io/) **(Recommended)**, or a jailbroken device. If you plan on using SideStore I also recommend looking into [LiveContainer](https://github.com/LiveContainer/LiveContainer) because of apple's sideloaded app limits. Do your research and be cautious about what you install. <br>Another option is using the **[Userscripts App](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/userscripts/id1463298887)**, which is basically Tampermonkey for iOS. You can use this by importing [Unlimited Hearts Userscript](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/raw/refs/heads/main/userscript/Duolingo%20Unlimited%20Hearts.user.js). After that open duolingo on safari and you'll have unlimited hearts. Unfortunately you will only get Unlimited Hearts and no Duolingo Max features. <br><br>*Although these steps are somewhat tedious, the ability to download a wide range of modded apps more than makes up for the work—whether you're using an Android or Apple device. Think of the apps you use that have annoying ads or paywalled features...👀*|

> [!Note]
> - This extension for the Safari Browser or any webkit browser AKA **(EVERY BROWSER ON iPhone/iPad)** will never be supported unless Apple fully implements `webRequest` or `declarativeNetRequest` APIs, which are necessary for this extension to function.  
>   - Even if the above happened, not only would I need to buy a **Mac** to develop it on Apple’s proprietary Xcode platform, I would also need to pay **$99/year** for a developer license to publish the extension on the App Store.  
>   - I *could* use a virtual machine, but I’d still have to pay for the license...


### Developer FAQ

| **Question** | **Answer** |
|--------------|------------|
| Why is the modified patched files minified/bundled? | The unpatched files are also minified because they are [webpack chunks](https://webpack.js.org/) — there's nothing I can do. |
| How can I reproduce this? | Find your required webpack chunks/files then open '[duolingo patcher.html](https://html-preview.github.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/refs/heads/main/extras/duolingo%20patcher.html)' and put it through. Then download the newly patched files and use firefox or chrome local overrides to point it towards the patched files you just downloaded. |
| Why aren't the modified patched files in this repository? | It is all done locally. It only fetches the github for the [extension-version.json](https://github.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/blob/main/extension-version.json). |
| Why is the code slightly differen't for each browser? | Firefox and Chrome do not have equal extension support. I try my best to keep code parity between both browsers. |
| What happened to the chrome mv2 version of this extension? | I decided to remove it as major browsers don't support it anymore. |
| Will this always be open source? | Yes, this will **never** be closed source. |
| How does the userscript work? | It's very simple, the script intercepts your duolingo "account" json data file. It then finds and sets the unlimited hearts object to true. |

# <img src="https://d35aaqx5ub95lt.cloudfront.net/images/gems/45c14e05be9c1af1d7d0b54c6eed7eee.svg" width="20px"> Support Me

| ⭐ PayPal (Preferred) | Buy Me a Coffee |
|--------|----------------|
| <a href="https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/luv4rent" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apersongithub/Duolingo-Unlimited-Hearts/refs/heads/main/extras/paypal.png" alt="Paypal Me" style="height: 160px !important;width: 217px !important;"></a> | <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/aperson" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;"></a> |
